Next pieces
  * Handouts

  * Results: comparison before and after
    Rename drivers->pilots
    Run: git rebase [-m] --onto HEAD $otherbranch

* Early explanations
  * (Work from years ago and Peff and I's standoff over who would rewrite?)
  * Original problem at Palantir that motivated my return

* Amusing
  * (Git Merge)^2
     v1 & v2:
       "Yes, this means I'm going to be talking about 'Git Merge'.  And
       I'm talking at 'Git Merge'.  I guess I should disambiguate.
       (pause) Much better, that won't be confusing.

     v1:
       Today I will be talking in particular about quadratic behavior
       in 'Git Merge'.  (pause, turn around and look at slides.)
       Yeah, that title's totally unambiguous."

     v2:
       (pause) So today I'm going to be talking about 'Git Merge' at
       'Git Merge' in particular I'll be focusing on quadratic
       behavior found in within it.  (pause) Hopefully, it'll be
       fun.

     v3:
       So yes, this means that today I'm talking at Git Merge (slight
       pause, next slide) about Git Merge, and in particular I'll be
       focusing on quadratic behavior found within it.

  * "This is not one of those talks; instead I'll be using some different
     performance strategies"
  * "For those of you who think this is going to be a talk extolling the
     virtues of laziness, I have one more strategy up my sleeve.  (pause)
     Avoiding work is so nice that I want to find more ways to get away
     with it.  (pause)  Someone please make sure that my kids never see
     this talk."
  * The tree traversals for renames are much cheaper than the others since
    they are only walking down to one path instead of all paths.  But what
    they fail to waste in each individual invocation, they make up for in
    quantity of invocations.
  * Someone had fun renaming files and putting their opinon into filenames.
  * Like a two year old running around the house with nothing but a
    diaper on who you've told to put their clothes back on, or a four
    year old who is told that they need to get a bath.  They just
    don't want to do it, and might take off running from you.  Maybe
    you usually have enough energy to chase them down, but there are
    some days when you may be tempted to ask, "How bad would it be if
    I just don't bother?"
  * "There's no way for us to know that the contents of these two
     files are similar enough to be used together in a content merge.
     (next slide) Just no way at all.  (pause) And if we have a long
     sequence of commits to cherry-pick or rebase, we'll need to
     re-detect all the upstream renames with every single commit."


  * "This work represents my attempt to continue to not believe them."
